[OCPDOCS#17533]: Release_notes_nutanix_rhel9_10 (#110832)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rn-ocp-release-notes-new-features.adoc

[id="ocp-release-notes-install-update_{context}"]
== Installation and update

Support for RHEL9 and RHEL10 on Nutanix::
+

> With this update, you can now use RHEL9, RHEL10, or both when installing and updating OCP cluster on Nutanix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this update, you can install and update a {product-title} cluster on Nutanix with machines using {op-system-base-full} 9, RHEL 10, or a mix of both.
```

Reworded this and added attributes.
